1) in the process of exiting COTU, they discover the desiccated remains of thermos milkshaft, cuffed to a radiator with a PCBOT-issued pair of handcuffs (stolen from dylan hill) with packages of dirt mid-packing and labels filled out for july 17th, timestamping its destruction. players will recognize this as shortly following alice's disappearance. they will also likely infer from the presence of the PCBOT handcuff that alice has killed, captured, or otherwise found a way to acquire operational materials from Dylan hill. 
2) they contact agent tremolo at the BNJC. he contacts nine-string with the handcuff, which trigger's nine-string's operational paranoia. realizing that the exposure of alice's murder of dylan is likely, he orders tremolo to continue guiding the players in retracing alice's steps in hopes of securing more evidence to justify his support for her surveillance and subsequent murderous activities. agent tremolo at this time reiterates his suspicion that syd is somehow involved, and urges the players to pursue investigative leads in both directions. 
3) the players infiltrate the white stag, center for hope, and seventh tabernacle, acquiring proof of BSSA's involvement in each. they confirm that an accidental distribution of F7 caused the mass casualty event at COTU, that Syd was captured and held at both the church and the shelter, oblique references to Axon and Dendrite, plenty of references to The Echo (used in testing), confirmation that methamphetamine is being used to fund and also to adulterate and augment the effects of F7 in pursuit of a stable prophylactic, and that the BSSA was attempting to create a basilisk at seventh tabernacle. in the course of this investigation, they receive enough information to point them in the direction of Ellensburg: 
* references to axon and dendrite + the numbers station 
* information about syd's girlfriend in ellensburg 
* reference to the chapel of the blessed lamb 
* clear indication syd himself, former ergomatic employee, was held against his will 
* The first time the players physically go to the BNJC during this process, they are introduced to Steven Rober, who is understood to be Dylan's replacement as PCBOT liason. They are clandestinely instructed by Tremolo to conceal all information from him. Rober, however, is intentionally going to attempt to surveil the players, having been tipped off to their existence by Katherine Hill. The players will be introduced to him as independent contractors. He'll question them about Alice, what they've found, etc. If they suggest Alice may have murdered Dylan, he'll contact PCBOT to arrange an interview. However, since he's not supposed to know that, he can't do anything until they say something. Similarly, he will relay any information about Montreal should it come up. 

1) before the players leave for ellensburg, they likely visit LTX one more time with Sean Fielding's key card, whcih secures access to the office's second floor. at Sean's desk, they find evidence that he was accessing Syd's ergomatic files using Syd's password. they might also find corporate information regarding the merger, richard harmon, and edwin burberry, and meet a new character i haven't written yet. 

2) traveling to ellensburg reveals the following 
* from syd's girlfriend: * information that she has been aggressively followed and questioned since the summer * clearly fearful * info about axon and dendrite * contact information for a friend in seattle who collected axon and dendrite episodes * names of the hosts * researching: * david brewster: dead * further research turns up connection to friend vance * vance has lockbox + random episode, which were returned as undeliverable when brewster attempted to mail them to san diego * final episode of the show missing, will need to recover in seattle * superceding plot decisions: brewster did not record special testament episode. just used random episode to encode lockbox digit key. * amber chen (im, as an author, altering her name from maria): missing * syd interested * syd's records collection (info to answer password question if not obtained via sean's log-in attempts) * from numbers station: * old fliers for the seventh hour radio show * SDEC episode randomization instructions * can use this + episode from vance to open lockbox * contact info for amber chen is still good * chen gives contact information for Blanc * research into A&D could lead to SCAI and turn up eric blanc connection * from ergomatic: * confirmation grubs are being manufactured * confirmation signal dummies are being manufactured * confirmation merger is going to migrate this technology and plant design to other cities * logging into syd's account reveals "suspicious log-in attempt" warning emails from a montreal IP address (Sean reported these to Katherine, hence BSSA's presence in Montreal prior to players finding Blanc) * oliver's emails to syd, which precisely state that he is going to try to stop the merger, he's trying to contact the bug people but can't get ahold of them, and he's taking his latest research off ergomatic's servers and storing it in the family safe, and the code is his mother's birthday in the ylynthii cipher. he also stored the latest gene-altering chemical agent in vacuum sealed powder, which is the essential reagent in a non-gallium G6. this email was archived by syd. the players should have enough information at this point to conclude Syd can help make the curative for Alice. * basically oliver saw syd had started doodling in ylynthii, realized syd knew it without ever being taught it. started digging into winston's old materials, realized the majority were archived upon his death by SDEC. contacted SDEC, got no answer (facility had been destroyed.) once players have identified Eric Blanc through either SCAI or Erica Chen, they'll be able to secure a meeting with Nine-String. the meeting with Nine-String will confirm that he is aware Alice sent Syd to Eric in Montreal, but he hasn't been able to contact Eric. he also has lost contact with Alice (via Chrysalis) since then. the burner phone number (Syd's) doesn't work either. Nine-String reveals the location of Eric's safehouse, which has by this point already been compromised by Chrysalis under torture at PCBOT. Rober will notify PCBOT and BSSA the moment the players leave for Montreal, so the trap can be set up for Syd. Once the players reach Montreal, they'll be able to investigate eric blanc's safehouse. there, they'll find details about alice and eric's investigation into Europa, an email to Syd's new email arranging the meeting, also coded messages clearly from alice and clearly pertaining to PCBOT, dated from earlier in 1997 during her surveillance of dylan - these are copied documents obtained from dylan's home and then encrypted and sent to eric. alice will be the only one who can decode these the players will then extract syd, defeat katherine, take him back to sequoia falls, supply him with oliver's research, capture alice, cure her, discuss need to go to sdec and find winston's documents, discuss fact that it's armed with the ant-trap, use her decoded materials to plan an attack on the PCBOT facility, carry out this attack, defeat caraway, confirm torture death of chrysalis, obtain SDEC access credentials, obtain katherine's journals (confirm her insanity/trying to create a RONIN), head back to Seq Falls, head to san diego, delve into SDEC, find Winston's journals, find dead horse quarry, meet watcher, consume royal jelly, witness cosmic visions, receive ultimatum, and then either attempt deception and destroy rhea, or provide it with g6 and doom humanity - no compromise possible.